Project Name: Final project-shopping site 
Author: Lu Ye and Yiling Ding
Class: CS337

Online Store.  Suppose you stock a small selection of items (such as dog and cat toys).  Customers can browse items and put them (one or more) in a virtual shopping cart, then purchase the contents of their cart.  Simulate payment and online receipt.  The administrator can see a report of whathas been ordered, and by whom*.  Five kinds of items is enough, and assume infinite inventory.  This requires customer accounts and one administrator accout.

Before you open the site. You need to dump database first. The command line you probably used is below:
/Applications/XAMPP/xamppfiles/bin/mysql -u root < mydatabase.sql
/Applications/XAMPP/xamppfiles/bin/mysql -u root


Intro of two types users: Customer and Administrator
Pre-introduction:
	1. Users can register account to be a customer
	2. Administrator is already in the system. 
	3. Administrator is designed for look at adminReport
	4. Username for admin. is "administrator" and Password for admin. is "password".

Functionality for Customer:
	1. Customers can log into online store and view the stock.
	2. Customers is able to view and update the shopping cart.

To Do and Bugs:
Summary:
	1. proper style 
		especially for adminReport add same space or other style, comfortable to read 
	
	2. Added more information for providing a good user experiences

sloved	3. making the product smaller so that 3 in one line?！ maybe better, not sure?

	4. Please notice that no internal styling is allowed (already solved for previous)

	5. According to the design goal 3, the user create password-protected accounts.  A logged-in user somehow has extra privileges, compared to a non-logged-in use. So maybe create a guest without logging in that only one time check out, can¨t retain his cart item when next time access 
	6. Double check adminReport.php. Why do we have two copies???











solved	1. Use Ajax ！ solve in adminReport and myAjax.php
sloved	2. salted hash password
	3. proper style



sloved	4. clear the cart for current customer after he or she placed the current order ！！！solved
solved	5. Added more product ！！！！！！(now 9 product)！ according to handout 5 enough 
	6. Added more information for providing a good user experiences

	8. making the product smaller so that 3 in one line?
sloved	9. after checking out could go back to the shopping page or log out！！！ solved 
solved	10. if shopping cart is empty then show that shopping cart empty information ！！ suggestion (solved)
solved	11. for the grading. no internal styling (solved)
	12 According to the design goal 3, the user create password-protected accounts.  A logged-in user somehow has extra privileges, compared to a non-logged-in use. So maybe create a guest without logging in that only one time check out, can¨t retain his cart item when next time access 
solved	13 something wrong with the administrator report ！ placed many orders, but only see one, don¨t increase
solved	14. add more details to the Administrator Report ！ need to discuss 
solved	15 price, registered data??！for the administrator report


updated 4.24.2017
Thank you for your time. 
Just do IT :)
